# Class Attendance Taker
School teachers can typically check attendance by looking for empty seats in their classroom. However, COVID-19 has caused classes to shift online. This has made it more time consuming for teachers to check attendance, since they need to cross reference the list of video chat attendees with their class roster multiple times a day.

This tool is designed to import a folder of text files (exported from video chat software), and cross reference them against the teacher's class roster to quickly see who is absent.

## Instructions

1. If Excel warns that macros are disabled, click "Enable Content".
2. "In the ""Class Roster"" worksheet, ensure that the names in column E appear exactly as they would appear in the attendance text files (i.e, ""FirstName LastName""). This can be generated by filling in column A with student names in ""LastName, FirstName"" format."
3. If you want the attendance text files to be deleted after importing, check the box below to the left.
4. Click the "Select Folder…" button below to the right.
5. "Browse for the folder on your computer that contains the attendance text files
(the text files are expected to have filenames in the format ""save-users-list-*.txt"")."
6. In the "Class Roster" worksheet, column G will automatically update to show which names were found in the text files.
7. Check the results to verify whether the results match expectations. Imported attendance from previous runs will be automatically cleared before each new run.
